That's it. You have completed the content for this course, well done.
Before I let you go into project,
I want to quickly review everything we covered in this lesson in the course.
You started this lesson by going hands-on with
using TensorFlow DenseFeatures for a model.
You use DenseFeatures to build a simple regression model and combine
the output from the TensorFlow feature column API features that you created earlier.
Next, you reviewed some common evaluation metrics
for EHR models and then implemented Brier scores.
After model evaluation, you conducted
a demographic bias analysis and use Aequitas for group bias and
fairness disparity analysis to make sure that
your models have the best application to real-world data as possible.
Then, you used uncertainty estimation and TensorFlow
probability to build a BNN and reviewed some of
the underlying concepts for Bayesian probability and types of
uncertainty that can be another tool to have for a variety of different problems.
Lastly, you wrapped up this lesson by interpreting
models with model agnostic methods like Shapley values.
You have learned so much in this one lesson,
but now let's cover what you've learned in this entire course.